Ability:Air Lock | Effect:While this Pokemon is active, all weather conditions and their effects are disabled. | Learnt By:Rayquaza
Ability:Arena Trap | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, its opponents cannot switch or flee the battle unless they are part Flying-type, have the Levitate ability or they use the move Baton Pass. Levitate Pokemon cannot escape if their ability is disabled through other means, such as Skill Swap. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles is doubled. | Learnt By:Diglett, Dugtrio, Trapinch
Ability:Battle Armor | Effect:Critical Hits cannot strike this Pokemon. | Learnt By:Anorith, Armaldo, Kabuto, Kabutops
Ability:Blaze | Effect:When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Fire-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power. | Learnt By:Blaziken, Charizard, Charmander, Charmeleon, Combusken, Cyndaquil, Quilava, Torchic, Typhlosion
Ability:Chlorophyll | Effect:If this Pokemon is active while Sunny Day is in effect, its speed is temporarily doubled. | Learnt By:Bellossom, Bellsprout, Exeggcute, Exeggutor, Gloom, Hoppip, Jumpluff, Nuzleaf, Oddish, Seedot, Shiftry, Skiploom, Sunflora, Sunkern, Tangela, Tropius, Victreebel, Vileplume, Weepinbell
Ability:Clear Body | Effect:Opponents cannot reduce this Pokemon's stats; they can, however, inflict stat boosts with Swagger and Flatter. This ability does not prevent self-inflicted stat reductions. | Learnt By:Beldum, Metagross, Metang, Regice, Regirock, Registeel, Tentacool, Tentacruel
Ability:Cloud Nine | Effect:While this Pokemon is active, all weather conditions and their effects are disabled. | Learnt By:Golduck, Psyduck
Ability:Color Change | Effect:This Pokemon's type changes according to the type of the last move that hit this Pokemon. | Learnt By:Kecleon
Ability:Compoundeyes | Effect:The accuracy of this Pokemon's moves receives a 30% increase; for example, a 75% accurate move becomes 97.5% accurate. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon holding an item increases. | Learnt By:Butterfree, Nincada, Venonat, Yanma
Ability:Cute Charm | Effect:If an opponent of the opposite gender directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 33% chance that the opponent will become Attracted to this Pokemon. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon of the opposite gender appearing increases to 66.7%. | Learnt By:Clefable, Clefairy, Cleffa, Delcatty, Igglybuff, Jigglypuff, Skitty, Wigglytuff
Ability:Damp | Effect:While this Pokemon is active, no Pokemon on the field can use Selfdestruct or Explosion. | Learnt By:Golduck, Politoed, Poliwag, Poliwhirl, Poliwrath, Psyduck, Quagsire, Wooper
Ability:Drizzle | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, it causes a permanent Rain Dance that can only be stopped by Air Lock, Cloud Nine or another weather condition. | Learnt By:Kyogre
Ability:Drought | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, it causes a permanent Sunny Day that can only be stopped by Air Lock, Cloud Nine or another weather condition. | Learnt By:Groudon
Ability:Early Bird | Effect:This Pokemon will remain asleep for half as long as it normally would; this includes both opponent-induced sleep and user-induced sleep via Rest. | Learnt By:Dodrio, Doduo, Girafarig, Houndoom, Houndour, Kangaskhan, Ledian, Ledyba, Natu, Nuzleaf, Seedot, Shiftry, Xatu
Ability:Effect Spore | Effect:If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 30% chance that the opponent will become either poisoned, paralyzed or put to sleep. There is an equal chance to inflict each status. | Learnt By:Breloom, Paras, Parasect, Shroomish
Ability:Flame Body | Effect:If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 33% chance that the opponent will become burned. [Field Effect] Pokemon Eggs hatch in half the time. | Learnt By:Magby, Magcargo, Magmar, Slugma
Ability:Flash Fire | Effect:This Pokemon is immune to all Fire-type attacks; additionally, its own Fire-type attacks receive a 50% boost if a Fire-type move hits this Pokemon. Multiple boosts do not occur if this Pokemon is hit with multiple Fire-type attacks. | Learnt By:Arcanine, Flareon, Growlithe, Houndoom, Houndour, Ninetales, Ponyta, Rapidash, Vulpix
Ability:Forecast | Effect:This Pokemon's type changes according to the current weather conditions: it becomes Fire-type during Sunny Day, Water-type during Rain Dance, Ice-type during Hail and remains its regular type otherwise. | Learnt By:Castform, Rainy Castform, Snowy Castform, Sunny Castform
Ability:Guts | Effect:When this Pokemon is poisoned (including Toxic), burned, paralyzed or asleep (including self-induced Rest), its Attack stat receives a 50% boost; the burn status' Attack drop is also ignored. | Learnt By:Hariyama, Heracross, Larvitar, Machamp, Machoke, Machop, Makuhita, Raticate, Rattata, Swellow, Taillow, Tyrogue, Ursaring
Ability:Huge Power | Effect:This Pokemon's Attack stat is doubled. Therefore, if this Pokemon's Attack stat on the status screen is 200, it effectively has an Attack stat of 400; this stat is then subject to the full range of stat boosts and reductions. | Learnt By:Azumarill, Azurill, Marill
Ability:Hustle | Effect:This Pokemon's Attack receives a 50% boost but its Physical attacks receive a 20% drop in Accuracy. For example, a 100% accurate move would become an 80% accurate move. The accuracy of moves that never miss, such as Aerial Ace, remains unaffected. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, there is a 50% chance a wild encounter will be the highest level of its encounter range. | Learnt By:Corsola, Delibird, Remoraid, Togepi, Togetic
Ability:Hyper Cutter | Effect:Opponents cannot reduce this Pokemon's Attack stat; they can, however, inflict a stat boost with Swagger. This ability does not prevent self-inflicted stat reductions. [Field Effect] HM01 - Cut removes a larger area of tall grass. | Learnt By:Corphish, Crawdaunt, Gligar, Kingler, Krabby, Mawile, Pinsir, Trapinch
Ability:Illuminate | Effect:When this Pokemon is in the first slot of the player's party, it doubles the rate of wild encounters. | Learnt By:Chinchou, Lanturn, Starmie, Staryu, Volbeat
Ability:Immunity | Effect:This Pokemon cannot become poisoned nor Toxic poisoned. | Learnt By:Snorlax, Zangoose
Ability:Inner Focus | Effect:This Pokemon cannot be made to flinch. | Learnt By:Abra, Alakazam, Crobat, Dragonite, Farfetch'd, Girafarig, Glalie, Golbat, Kadabra, Sneasel, Snorunt, Zubat
Ability:Insomnia | Effect:This Pokemon cannot be put to sleep; this includes both opponent-induced sleep as well as user-induced sleep via Rest. | Learnt By:Ariados, Banette, Drowzee, Hoothoot, Hypno, Murkrow, Noctowl, Shuppet, Spinarak
Ability:Intimidate | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, the Attack stat of each of its opponents lowers by one stage. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles, whose level is at least 5 levels less than that of this Pokemon, halves. | Learnt By:Arbok, Arcanine, Ekans, Granbull, Growlithe, Gyarados, Hitmontop, Masquerain, Mawile, Mightyena, Salamence, Snubbull, Stantler, Tauros
Ability:Keen Eye | Effect:This Pokemon's Accuracy cannot be lowered. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of low-leveled wild Pokemon battles decreases. | Learnt By:Farfetch'd, Fearow, Furret, Hitmonchan, Hoothoot, Noctowl, Pelipper, Pidgeot, Pidgeotto, Pidgey, Sableye, Sentret, Skarmory, Sneasel, Spearow, Wingull
Ability:Levitate | Effect:This Pokemon is immune to Ground-type attacks, Spikes and the Arena Trap ability; it loses these immunities after using Ingrain. | Learnt By:Baltoy, Chimecho, Claydol, Duskull, Flygon, Gastly, Gengar, Haunter, Koffing, Latias, Latios, Lunatone, Misdreavus, Solrock, Unown, Vibrava, Weezing
Ability:Lightning Rod | Effect:During double battles, this Pokemon draws any single-target Electric-type attack to itself. If an opponent uses an Electric-type attack that affects multiple Pokemon, those targets will be hit. This ability does not affect Electric Hidden Power. [Field Effect] Receive more phone calls | Learnt By:Cubone, Electrike, Manectric, Marowak, Rhydon, Rhyhorn
Ability:Limber | Effect:This Pokemon cannot become paralyzed. | Learnt By:Ditto, Hitmonlee, Persian
Ability:Liquid Ooze | Effect:When another Pokemon uses Absorb, Giga Drain, Leech Life, Leech Seed or Mega Drain against this Pokemon, the attacking Pokemon loses the amount of health that it would have gained. | Learnt By:Gulpin, Swalot, Tentacool, Tentacruel
Ability:Magma Armor | Effect:This Pokemon cannot become frozen. [Field Effect] Pokemon Eggs hatch in half the time | Learnt By:Camerupt, Magcargo, Slugma
Ability:Magnet Pull | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, Steel-type opponents and allies cannot switch out nor flee the battle unless they use the attack Baton Pass. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of encountering a Steel-type Pokemon increases by 50%. | Learnt By:Magnemite, Magneton, Nosepass
Ability:Marvel Scale | Effect:When this Pokemon becomes burned, poisoned (including Toxic), paralyzed, frozen or put to sleep (including self-induced sleep via Rest), its Defense receives a 50% boost. | Learnt By:Milotic
Ability:Minus | Effect:This Pokemon's Special Attack receives a 50% boost in double battles if its partner has the Plus ability. | Learnt By:Minun
Ability:Natural Cure | Effect:When this Pokemon switches out of battle, it is cured of poison (including Toxic), paralysis, burn, freeze and sleep (including self-induced Rest). | Learnt By:Altaria, Blissey, Celebi, Chansey, Corsola, Roselia, Starmie, Staryu, Swablu
Ability:Oblivious | Effect:This Pokemon cannot become attracted to another Pokemon. | Learnt By:Barboach, Illumise, Jynx, Lickitung, Numel, Piloswine, Slowbro, Slowking, Slowpoke, Smoochum, Swinub, Wailmer, Wailord, Whiscash
Ability:Overgrow | Effect:When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Grass-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power. | Learnt By:Bayleef, Bulbasaur, Chikorita, Grovyle, Ivysaur, Meganium, Sceptile, Treecko, Venusaur
Ability:Own Tempo | Effect:This Pokemon cannot become confused. | Learnt By:Grumpig, Lickitung, Slowbro, Slowking, Slowpoke, Smeargle, Spinda, Spoink
Ability:Pickup | Effect:If it is not already holding an item, this Pokemon may find and be holding a variety of items after a battle: see the full Pickup List for more information. | Learnt By:Aipom, Linoone, Meowth, Phanpy, Teddiursa, Zigzagoon
Ability:Plus | Effect:This Pokemon's Special Attack receives a 50% boost in double battles if its partner has the Minus ability. | Learnt By:Plusle
Ability:Poison Point | Effect:If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 33% chance that the opponent will become poisoned. | Learnt By:Nidoking, Nidoqueen, Nidoran F, Nidoran M, Nidorina, Nidorino, Qwilfish, Roselia, Seadra
Ability:Pressure | Effect:When an opponent uses a move that affects this Pokemon, an additional PP is required for the opponent to use that move. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, there is a 50% chance a wild encounter will be the highest level of its encounter range. | Learnt By:Absol, Aerodactyl, Articuno, Attack Deoxys, Defense Deoxys, Deoxys, Dusclops, Entei, Ho-oh, Lugia, Mewtwo, Moltres, Raikou, Speed Deoxys, Suicune, Zapdos
Ability:Pure Power | Effect:This Pokemon's Attack stat is doubled. Therefore, if this Pokemon's Attack stat on the status screen is 200, it effectively has an Attack stat of 400; this stat is then subject to the full range of stat boosts and reductions. | Learnt By:Medicham, Meditite
Ability:Rain Dish | Effect:If active while Rain Dance is in effect, this Pokemon recovers one-sixteenth of its max HP after each turn. | Learnt By:Lombre, Lotad, Ludicolo
Ability:Rock Head | Effect:This Pokemon does not receive recoil damage unless it uses Struggle or it misses with Jump Kick or Hi Jump Kick. | Learnt By:Aerodactyl, Aggron, Aron, Bagon, Cubone, Geodude, Golem, Graveler, Lairon, Marowak, Onix, Relicanth, Rhydon, Rhyhorn, Shelgon, Steelix, Sudowoodo
Ability:Rough Skin | Effect:When this Pokemon is directly attacked, the opponent receives damage equal to 1/8 of its max HP. | Learnt By:Carvanha, Sharpedo
Ability:Run Away | Effect:Unless this Pokemon is under the effects of a trapping move or ability, such as Mean Look or Shadow Tag, it will escape from wild Pokemon battles without fail. | Learnt By:Aipom, Dodrio, Doduo, Dunsparce, Eevee, Furret, Ponyta, Poochyena, Rapidash, Raticate, Rattata, Sentret, Snubbull
Ability:Sand Stream | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, it causes a permanent Sandstorm that can only be stopped by Air Lock, Cloud Nine or another weather condition. | Learnt By:Tyranitar
Ability:Sand Veil | Effect:If active while Sandstorm is in effect, this Pokemon's Evasion receives a 20% boost; if this Pokemon has a typing that would normally take damage from Sandstorm, this Pokemon is also immune to Sandstorm's damage. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles during a Sandstorm is halved. | Learnt By:Cacnea, Cacturne, Diglett, Dugtrio, Gligar, Sandshrew, Sandslash
Ability:Serene Grace | Effect:The side effects of this Pokemon's attacks occur twice as often. For example, if this Pokemon uses Ice Beam, it will have a 20% chance to freeze its target. | Learnt By:Blissey, Chansey, Dunsparce, Jirachi, Togepi, Togetic
Ability:Shadow Tag | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, its opponents cannot switch or flee the battle unless they use the move Baton Pass. | Learnt By:Wobbuffet, Wynaut
Ability:Shed Skin | Effect:After each turn, this Pokemon has a 33% chance to heal itself from poison (including Toxic), paralysis, burn, freeze or sleep (including self-induced Rest). | Learnt By:Arbok, Cascoon, Dragonair, Dratini, Ekans, Kakuna, Metapod, Pupitar, Seviper, Silcoon
Ability:Shell Armor | Effect:Critical Hits cannot strike this Pokemon. | Learnt By:Clamperl, Cloyster, Corphish, Crawdaunt, Kingler, Krabby, Lapras, Omanyte, Omastar, Shellder
Ability:Shield Dust | Effect:If the opponent uses a move that has secondary effects that affect this Pokemon in addition to damage, the move's secondary effects will not trigger. (For example, an Ice Beam will lose its 10% chance to freeze this Pokemon.) | Learnt By:Caterpie, Dustox, Venomoth, Weedle, Wurmple
Ability:Soundproof | Effect:This Pokemon is immune to the effects of the sound-related moves Grasswhistle, Growl, Heal Bell, Hyper Voice, Metal Sound, Perish Song, Roar, Screech, Sing, Snore, Supersonic, and Uproar. | Learnt By:Electrode, Exploud, Loudred, Mr. Mime, Voltorb, Whismur
Ability:Speed Boost | Effect:While this Pokemon is active, its Speed increased by one stage at the end of every turn; the six stage maximum for stat boosts is still in effect. | Learnt By:Ninjask, Yanma
Ability:Static | Effect:If an opponent directly attacks this Pokemon, there is a 33% chance that the opponent will become paralyzed. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of encountering an Electric-type Pokemon increases by 50%. | Learnt By:Ampharos, Electabuzz, Electrike, Electrode, Elekid, Flaaffy, Manectric, Mareep, Pichu, Pikachu, Raichu, Voltorb
Ability:Stench | Effect:When this Pokemon is in the first slot of the player's party, it halves the rate of wild encounters. | Learnt By:Grimer, Muk
Ability:Sticky Hold | Effect:Opponents cannot remove items from this Pokemon. [Field Effect] Pokemon are hooked by a fishing rod more frequently. | Learnt By:Grimer, Gulpin, Muk, Swalot
Ability:Sturdy | Effect:The one-hit KO moves Fissure, Guillotine, Horn Drill and Sheer Cold do not affect this Pokemon. | Learnt By:Aggron, Aron, Donphan, Forretress, Geodude, Golem, Graveler, Lairon, Magnemite, Magneton, Nosepass, Onix, Pineco, Shuckle, Skarmory, Steelix, Sudowoodo
Ability:Suction Cups | Effect:Roar and Whirlwind do not affect this Pokemon. [Field Effect] Pokemon are hooked by a fishing rod more frequently. | Learnt By:Cradily, Lileep, Octillery
Ability:Swarm | Effect:When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Bug-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power. [Field Effect] Pokemon cries are heard more often. | Learnt By:Ariados, Beautifly, Beedrill, Heracross, Ledian, Ledyba, Scizor, Scyther, Spinarak, Volbeat
Ability:Swift Swim | Effect:If this Pokemon is active while Rain Dance is in effect, its speed is temporarily doubled. | Learnt By:Feebas, Goldeen, Gorebyss, Horsea, Huntail, Kabuto, Kabutops, Kingdra, Lombre, Lotad, Ludicolo, Luvdisc, Magikarp, Mantine, Omanyte, Omastar, Qwilfish, Relicanth, Seaking, Surskit
Ability:Synchronize | Effect:If an opponent burns, poisons or paralyzes this Pokemon, the same condition inflicts the opponent. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of encountering a Pokemon with the same nature increases by 50% | Learnt By:Abra, Alakazam, Espeon, Gardevoir, Kadabra, Kirlia, Mew, Natu, Ralts, Umbreon, Xatu
Ability:Thick Fat | Effect:This Pokemon receives halved damage from Ice-type and Fire-type attacks. | Learnt By:Azumarill, Azurill, Dewgong, Grumpig, Hariyama, Makuhita, Marill, Miltank, Sealeo, Seel, Snorlax, Spheal, Spoink, Walrein
Ability:Torrent | Effect:When its health reaches one-third or less of its max HP, this Pokemon's Water-type attacks receive a 50% boost in power. | Learnt By:Blastoise, Croconaw, Feraligatr, Marshtomp, Mudkip, Squirtle, Swampert, Totodile, Wartortle
Ability:Trace | Effect:When this Pokemon enters the field, it temporarily copies an opponent's ability. This ability remains with this Pokemon until it leaves the field. | Learnt By:Gardevoir, Kirlia, Porygon, Porygon2, Ralts
Ability:Truant | Effect:After this Pokemon is switched into battle, it skips every other turn. | Learnt By:Slaking, Slakoth
Ability:Vital Spirit | Effect:This Pokemon cannot be put to sleep; this includes both opponent-induced sleep as well as user-induced sleep via Rest. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, there is a 50% chance a wild encounter will be the highest level of its encounter range. | Learnt By:Delibird, Mankey, Primeape, Vigoroth
Ability:Volt Absorb | Effect:When an Electric-type attack hits this Pokemon, it recovers health equal to the damage that it would have taken; this Pokemon can recover up to 25% of its max HP in this way. | Learnt By:Chinchou, Jolteon, Lanturn
Ability:Water Absorb | Effect:When a Water-type attack hits this Pokemon, it recovers health equal to the damage that it would have taken; this Pokemon can recover up to 25% of its max HP in this way. | Learnt By:Lapras, Mantine, Politoed, Poliwag, Poliwhirl, Poliwrath, Quagsire, Vaporeon, Wooper
Ability:Water Veil | Effect:This Pokemon cannot become burned. | Learnt By:Goldeen, Seaking, Wailmer, Wailord
Ability:White Smoke | Effect:Opponents cannot reduce this Pokemon's stats; they can, however, inflict stat boosts with Swagger and Flatter. This ability does not prevent self-inflicted stat reductions. [Field Effect] If this Pokemon is in the lead slot, the rate of wild Pokemon battles decreases by 50%. | Learnt By:Torkoal
Ability:Wonder Guard | Effect:This Pokemon only receives damage from attacks that are Super Effective to this Pokemon. Wonder Guard does not protect a Pokemon from status ailments (burn, freeze, paralysis, poison, sleep, Toxic or any of their side effects or damage), recoil damage nor the moves Beat Up, Bide, Doom Desire, Future Sight, Hail, Leech Seed, Sandstorm, Spikes, and Struggle. Wonder Guard cannot be Skill Swapped nor Role Played. Trace, however, does copy Wonder Guard. | Learnt By:Shedinja
