Move:Absorb | Type:Grass | PP:20 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move heals the user's HP by half the damage inflicted on the target.
Move:Acid | Type:Poison | PP:30 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to lower the target's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Acid Armor | Type:Poison | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Defense by 2 stages.
Move:Aerial Ace | Type:Flying | PP:20 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state.
Move:Aeroblast | Type:Flying | PP:5 | Power:100 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Agility | Type:Psychic | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Speed by 2 stages.
Move:Air Cutter | Type:Flying | PP:25 | Power:55 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Amnesia | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Special Defense by 2 stages.
Move:Ancientpower | Type:Rock | PP:5 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to raise the user's Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense and Speed by 1 stage each.
Move:Arm Thrust | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:15 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Aromatherapy | Type:Grass | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move cures every Pokemon in the user's party of status conditions.
Move:Assist | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:Copy | Acc:N/A | Effect:The user performs a random move from any of the Pokemon on its team. Assist cannot generate itself, Counter, Covet, Destiny Bond, Detect, Endure, Focus Punch, Follow Me, Helping Hand, Metronome, Mimic, Mirror Coat, Mirror Move, Protect, Sketch, Sleep Talk, Snatch, Struggle, Thief or Trick.
Move:Astonish | Type:Ghost | PP:15 | Power:30 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch. This move also has doubled power against a target that has used Minimize.
Move:Attract | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move infatuates Pokemon of the opposite gender, causing a 50% chance for the target's moves to fail. Attract does not work on genderless Pokemon, but will hit through a Substitute.
Move:Aurora Beam | Type:Ice | PP:20 | Power:65 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to lower the target's Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Barrage | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:15 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Barrier | Type:Psychic | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Defense by 2 stages.
Move:Baton Pass | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move allows the user to switch out, bypassing any trapping moves. This move transfers all of the user's positive or negative stat modifiers to the new teammate, as well as confusion, Focus Energy, Ingrain, Stockpiles, Perish Song count, Leech Seed, Ghost Curses, Mind Reader, Lock-On, Block, Mean Look, Spider Web and Substitute to the replacement Pokemon. If the user is trapped or has its ability nullified, it will also pass these effects to the new teammate. Baton Pass will not double the power of an opponent's Pursuit.
Move:Beat Up | Type:Dark | PP:10 | Power:10 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move hits once for each Pokemon in the party that hasn't fainted and doesn't have a status condition. Each member of the party contributes a typeless 10 base power hit using their base Attack stat and the target's base Defense stat to determine the damage. Because the hits are typeless, STAB does not apply, and King's Rock only applies on the final hit. Counter works against this move, rather than Mirror Coat.
Move:Belly Drum | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move sacrifices half of the user's max HP, but maximizes its Attack to +6 stages.
Move:Bide | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has the user absorb all damage for 2 turns and then inflicts twice that damage on its target. This move ignores the target's type but still cannot hit Ghost-type Pokemon.
Move:Bind | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:15 | Acc:75% | Effect:This move traps the target for 2-5 turns, causing damage equal to 1/16 of its max HP each turn. This trapping effect can be broken by Rapid Spin, and the target can still switch out if it uses Baton Pass, or flee if it has the ability Run Away or the hold item Smoke Ball.
Move:Bite | Type:Dark | PP:25 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch.
Move:Blast Burn | Type:Fire | PP:5 | Power:150 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move forces the user to recharge during its next turn.
Move:Blaze Kick | Type:Fire | PP:10 | Power:85 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio and a 10% chance to burn the target.
Move:Blizzard | Type:Ice | PP:5 | Power:120 | Acc:70% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to freeze the target.
Move:Block | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move traps the target for the rest of the battle unless it uses Baton Pass. The target will still be trapped if the user switches out by using Baton Pass.
Move:Body Slam | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:85 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Bone Club | Type:Ground | PP:20 | Power:65 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to make the target flinch.
Move:Bone Rush | Type:Ground | PP:10 | Power:25 | Acc:80% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Bonemerang | Type:Ground | PP:10 | Power:50 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move strikes twice; if the first hit breaks the target's Substitute, the second hit damages the target.
Move:Bounce | Type:Flying | PP:5 | Power:85 | Acc:85% | Effect:On the first turn, the user bounces into the air, becoming uncontrollable, and evades most attacks. Whirlwind, Gust, Twister and Thunder have normal accuracy against a mid-air Pokemon, with Gust and Twister also gaining doubled power. The user may also be hit in mid-air if it was previously targeted by Lock-On or Mind Reader. On the second turn, the user descends and has a 30% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Brick Break | Type:Fighting | PP:15 | Power:75 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move removes Reflect and Light Screen from the target's side of the field, even if the target is a Ghost-type.
Move:Bubble | Type:Water | PP:30 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to lower the target's Speed by 1 stage.
Move:Bubblebeam | Type:Water | PP:20 | Power:65 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to lower the target's Speed by 1 stage.
Move:Bulk Up | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Attack and Defense by 1 stage each.
Move:Bullet Seed | Type:Grass | PP:30 | Power:10 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Calm Mind | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Special Attack and Special Defense by 1 stage each.
Move:Camouflage | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move changes the user's type according to the current terrain. The user becomes Grass-type in tall grass and very tall grass; Water-type while surfing on or diving underwater; Rock-type while inside any caves (including Shoal Cave) or on any rocky terrain; Ground-type on beach and desert sands; and Normal-type everywhere else. The user will always become Normal-type during link battles.
Move:Charge | Type:Electric | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move doubles the power of the user's Electric attacks on the next turn. This effect wears off even if the user does not select an Electric-type move.
Move:Charm | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Attack by 2 stages.
Move:Clamp | Type:Water | PP:10 | Power:35 | Acc:75% | Effect:This move traps the target for 2-5 turns, causing damage equal to 1/16 of its max HP each turn. This trapping effect can be broken by Rapid Spin, and the target can still switch out if it uses Baton Pass, or flee if it has the ability Run Away or the hold item Smoke Ball.
Move:Comet Punch | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:18 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Confuse Ray | Type:Ghost | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move confuses the target.
Move:Confusion | Type:Psychic | PP:25 | Power:50 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to confuse the target.
Move:Constrict | Type:Normal | PP:35 | Power:10 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to lower the target's Speed by 1 stage.
Move:Conversion | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move changes the user's type to match the type of one of its four attacks. This move fails if the user cannot change its type under this condition.
Move:Conversion 2 | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move changes the user's type to one that resists the type of the last move that hit the user. In double battles, this situation holds even when the user is last hit by an attack from its partner.
Move:Cosmic Power | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Defense and Special Defense by 1 stage each.
Move:Cotton Spore | Type:Grass | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:85% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Speed by 2 stages.
Move:Counter | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:100% | Effect:This move almost always goes last; if an opponent damages the user with a physical attack, the user retaliates for twice the damage it received. In double battles, this attack targets the last opponent to hit the user with a physical attack and cannot hit the user's teammate.
Move:Covet | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move steals the target's hold item unless the user is already holding an item. Pokemon that have the ability Sticky Hold are also immune to this move's stealing effect. Recycle cannot recover the stolen item.
Move:Crabhammer | Type:Water | PP:10 | Power:90 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Cross Chop | Type:Fighting | PP:5 | Power:100 | Acc:80% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Crunch | Type:Dark | PP:15 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 20% chance to lower the target's Special Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Crush Claw | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:75 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move has a 50% chance to lower the target's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Curse | Type:??? | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move changes based on the user's type. When a Ghost-type uses this move, the user sacrifices half of its max HP to sap the target by a quarter of its max HP at the end of each turn. When any other type of Pokemon uses this move, the user's Speed decreases by 1 stage and its Attack and Defense increase by 1 stage each.
Move:Cut | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:50 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Defense Curl | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Defense by 1 stage; after using this move, this Pokemon's base power doubles when it uses Rollout or Ice Ball.
Move:Destiny Bond | Type:Ghost | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:If an opponent knocks out this Pokemon before its next turn, this move knocks out that opponent.
Move:Detect | Type:Fighting | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move almost always goes first. The user is protected from all attacks for one turn, but the move's success rate halves with each consecutive use of a protection move or Endure.
Move:Dig | Type:Ground | PP:10 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move takes two turns. On the first turn, the user digs underground, becoming semi-invulnerable and uncontrollable. Earthquake and Magnitude can hit underground and gain doubled power. The user may also be hit underground if it was previously targeted by Lock-On or Mind Reader or if it is attacked by a Pokemon with No Guard. On the second turn, the user attacks.
Move:Disable | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:55% | Effect:This move prevents the target from using its last move for 2-7 turns. Disable only works on one move at a time and fails if the target has not yet used a move or if its last move ran out of PP. The target does nothing if it is about to use a move that becomes disabled.
Move:Dive | Type:Water | PP:10 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move takes two turns. On the first turn, the user dives underwater, becoming semi-invulnerable and uncontrollable. The user may be hit by Surf and Whirlpool, which have doubled power, or if the user was targeted by Lock-On or Mind Reader. On the second turn, the user attacks.
Move:Dizzy Punch | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 20% chance to confuse the target.
Move:Doom Desire | Type:Steel | PP:5 | Power:120 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move will strike the active target two turns after it is used, even if the user or the target switch out. This move's damage is calculated by using the original user's Special Attack and the original target's Special Defense. The move cannot land as a critical hit and does typeless damage, so it cannot receive STAB, ignores weaknesses and resistances against this move's type, and hits through Wonder Guard. Only one instance of Future Sight or Doom Desire may be active at a time; because it occurs at the end of the round, it also hits through Protect, Detect and Endure.
Move:Double Kick | Type:Fighting | PP:30 | Power:30 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move strikes twice; if the first hit breaks the target's Substitute, the second hit damages the target.
Move:Double Team | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Evasion by 1 stage.
Move:Double-edge | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:120 | Acc:100% | Effect:The user receives 1/3 recoil damage.
Move:Doubleslap | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:15 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Dragon Claw | Type:Dragon | PP:15 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Dragon Dance | Type:Dragon | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Attack and Speed by 1 stage each.
Move:Dragon Rage | Type:Dragon | PP:10 | Power:Set | Acc:100% | Effect:This move always deals 40 HP of damage.
Move:Dragonbreath | Type:Dragon | PP:20 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Dream Eater | Type:Psychic | PP:15 | Power:100 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move heals the user's HP by half the damage inflicted on the target, but only works against a sleeping target.
Move:Drill Peck | Type:Flying | PP:20 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Dynamicpunch | Type:Fighting | PP:5 | Power:100 | Acc:50% | Effect:This move confuses the target.
Move:Earthquake | Type:Ground | PP:10 | Power:100 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power doubles against Pokemon who are underground due to Dig.
Move:Egg Bomb | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:100 | Acc:75% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Ember | Type:Fire | PP:25 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to burn the target.
Move:Encore | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move forces the target to repeat its last move for the next 2-6 turns. The effects of this move will end immediately if the target runs out of PP for the repeated attack. In double battles, a Pokemon who has received an Encore will target a random opponent with single-target attacks.
Move:Endeavor | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:100% | Effect:This move leaves the target with the same amount of HP as the user's current HP. If the user has more HP than the target, this attack does nothing.
Move:Endure | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move almost always goes first. The user is left with at least 1 HP following any attacks on this turn, but the move's success rate halves with each consecutive use of Endure or a protection move.
Move:Eruption | Type:Fire | PP:5 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power decreases with the user's current HP. When the user is at full health, this move has 150 base power.
Move:Explosion | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:250 | Acc:100% | Effect:The user faints after performing this move. This move halves the target's Defense, doubling the move's base power.
Move:Extrasensory | Type:Psychic | PP:30 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to make the target flinch. This move also has doubled power against a target that has used Minimize.
Move:Extremespeed | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move usually goes first.
Move:Facade | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power doubles if the user is inflicted with burn, paralysis or poison. This move does not ignore the halved Attack from burns when doing damage.
Move:Faint Attack | Type:Dark | PP:25 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state.
Move:Fake Out | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move usually goes first and makes the target flinch if this is the user's first move after entering the field. If this is not the user's first move after entering the field, this move fails.
Move:Fake Tears | Type:Dark | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Special Defense by 2 stages.
Move:False Swipe | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move leaves the target with at least 1 HP.
Move:Featherdance | Type:Flying | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Attack by 2 stages.
Move:Fire Blast | Type:Fire | PP:5 | Power:120 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to burn the target.
Move:Fire Punch | Type:Fire | PP:15 | Power:75 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to burn the target.
Move:Fire Spin | Type:Fire | PP:15 | Power:15 | Acc:70% | Effect:This move traps the target for 2-5 turns, causing damage equal to 1/16 of its max HP each turn. This trapping effect can be broken by Rapid Spin, and the target can still switch out if it uses Baton Pass, or flee if it has the ability Run Away or the hold item Smoke Ball.
Move:Fissure | Type:Ground | PP:5 | Power:KO | Acc:30% | Effect:This move causes the target to faint, but always fails against targets that have a higher Level than the user. This move also can hit Pokemon that are underground due to using Dig.
Move:Flail | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power increases as the user's HP decreases. This move's maximum power becomes 200 when the user has under 4% of its max HP remaining.
Move:Flame Wheel | Type:Fire | PP:25 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to burn the target. This move can be used while the user is frozen, and then the user is thawed out.
Move:Flamethrower | Type:Fire | PP:15 | Power:95 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to burn the target.
Move:Flash | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:70% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Accuracy by 1 stage.
Move:Flatter | Type:Dark | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move confuses the target and raises its Special Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Fly | Type:Flying | PP:15 | Power:70 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move takes two turns. On the first turn, the user flies into the air, becoming semi-invulnerable and uncontrollable. Whirlwind, Gust, Twister, Thunder, and Sky Uppercut have normal accuracy against a mid-air Pokemon, with Gust and Twister also gaining doubled power. The user may also be hit in mid-air if it was previously targeted by Lock-On or Mind Reader. On the second turn, the user attacks.
Move:Focus Energy | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's critical hit ratio by one stage.
Move:Focus Punch | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:150 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has the user focus at the start of the turn; the user's attack usually goes last and will fail if another Pokemon hits the user before its turn. Moves that have a lower priority than this move cannot interrupt the user.
Move:Follow Me | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move almost always goes first. For the rest of the turn, all attacks from the opponent's team that target the user's team are redirected toward the user. In Double Battles, the user's teammate will not be protected from attacks that have more than one intended target.
Move:Foresight | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move ignores the target's Evasion modifiers and removes the Ghost-type's immunity against Normal-type and Fighting-type moves. This effect stays active until the user switches out, and can be Baton Passed to another Pokemon.
Move:Frenzy Plant | Type:Grass | PP:5 | Power:150 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move forces the user to recharge during its next turn.
Move:Frustration | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power increases as the user's happiness decreases. When the user has a happiness value of zero, this move has 102 base power.
Move:Fury Attack | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:15 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Fury Cutter | Type:Bug | PP:20 | Power:10 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move's base power doubles with each consecutive hit, up to a maximum of 160 base power. If this move misses, or if the user selects another move, this move is reset to 10 base power on the next turn.
Move:Fury Swipes | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:10 | Acc:80% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Future Sight | Type:Psychic | PP:15 | Power:80 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move will strike the active target two turns after it is used, even if the user or the target switch out. This move's damage is calculated by using the original user's Special Attack and the original target's Special Defense. The move cannot land as a critical hit and does typeless damage, so it cannot receive STAB, ignores weaknesses, resistances and immunities against this move's type, and hits through Wonder Guard. Only one instance of Future Sight or Doom Desire may be active at a time; because it occurs at the end of the round, it also hits through Protect, Detect and Endure.
Move:Giga Drain | Type:Grass | PP:5 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move heals the user's HP by half the damage inflicted on the target.
Move:Glare | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:75% | Effect:This move paralyzes the target.
Move:Grasswhistle | Type:Grass | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:55% | Effect:This move puts the target to sleep.
Move:Growl | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Growth | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Special Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Grudge | Type:Ghost | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move sets the target's next move to 0 PP if that move causes this Pokemon to faint.
Move:Guillotine | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:KO | Acc:30% | Effect:This move causes the target to faint, but always fails against targets that have a higher Level than the user.
Move:Gust | Type:Flying | PP:35 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power doubles against Pokemon who are mid-air due to Fly or Bounce.
Move:Hail | Type:Ice | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move overrides any other weathers in effect. For 5 turns: each active Pokemon, even when protected by a Substitute, loses 1/16 of its max HP unless it is an Ice-type; the power of Solarbeam is halved; and the healing power of Morning Sun, Synthesis and Moonlight is halved.
Move:Harden | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Haze | Type:Ice | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move eliminates all positive or negative stat modifiers from all active Pokemon.
Move:Headbutt | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch.
Move:Heal Bell | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move cures every Pokemon in the user's party of status conditions. Ally Pokemon who have Soundproof are not affected.
Move:Heat Wave | Type:Fire | PP:10 | Power:100 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to burn the target.
Move:Helping Hand | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move always goes first. In Double Battles, this move increases the power of the user's ally's attack by 50% for that turn; this move does nothing in single battles.
Move:Hi Jump Kick | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:85 | Acc:90% | Effect:If this move misses the target, the user receives 1/2 "recoil" damage of what it would have inflicted.
Move:Hidden Power | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move varies in base power and type depending on the user's IVs, with a maximum 70 base power. The user's Attack or Special Attack is used in the damage calcuation depending on the move's type.
Move:Horn Attack | Type:Normal | PP:25 | Power:65 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Horn Drill | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:KO | Acc:30% | Effect:This move causes the target to faint, but always fails against targets that have a higher Level than the user.
Move:Howl | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Hydro Cannon | Type:Water | PP:5 | Power:150 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move forces the user to recharge during its next turn.
Move:Hydro Pump | Type:Water | PP:5 | Power:120 | Acc:80% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Hyper Beam | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:150 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move forces the user to recharge during its next turn.
Move:Hyper Fang | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:80 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to make the target flinch.
Move:Hyper Voice | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:90 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Hypnosis | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:60% | Effect:This move puts the target to sleep.
Move:Ice Ball | Type:Ice | PP:20 | Power:30 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move has the user attack uncontrollably for five turns; this move's power doubles after each turn and also if Defense Curl was used beforehand. After five turns, or if the attack misses, its base power resets.
Move:Ice Beam | Type:Ice | PP:10 | Power:95 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to freeze the target.
Move:Ice Punch | Type:Ice | PP:15 | Power:75 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to freeze the target.
Move:Icicle Spear | Type:Ice | PP:30 | Power:10 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Icy Wind | Type:Ice | PP:15 | Power:55 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Speed by 1 stage.
Move:Imprison | Type:Psychic | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move blocks the target from selecting any moves that it has in common with the user until the user faints or switches out. This affects all opponents on the field, even if they switch in after this move was used. This move cannot block Struggle, Metronome, Metronome, or Assist.
Move:Ingrain | Type:Grass | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move recovers 1/16 of the user's max HP after each turn, but prevents the user from switching out or being forced off the field. This Pokemon can still switch out if it is holding a Smoke Ball or uses Baton Pass.
Move:Iron Defense | Type:Steel | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Defense by 2 stages.
Move:Iron Tail | Type:Steel | PP:15 | Power:100 | Acc:75% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to lower the target's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Jump Kick | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:70 | Acc:95% | Effect:If this move misses the target, the user receives 1/2 "recoil" damage of what it would have inflicted.
Move:Karate Chop | Type:Fighting | PP:25 | Power:55 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Kinesis | Type:Psychic | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:80% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Accuracy by 1 stage.
Move:Knock Off | Type:Dark | PP:20 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move disables the target's held item. The target's item will be disabled for the rest of the battle, even if the target switches out. This move's item negation effect fails if the target has Sticky Hold or is behind a Substitute.
Move:Leaf Blade | Type:Grass | PP:15 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Leech Life | Type:Bug | PP:15 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move heals the user's HP by half the damage inflicted on the target.
Move:Leech Seed | Type:Grass | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:90% | Effect:The user steals 1/8 of the target's max HP per turn until the target switches out, faints, or uses Rapid Spin. This move does not work against Grass-type Pokemon or Pokemon behind Substitutes.
Move:Leer | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Lick | Type:Ghost | PP:30 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Light Screen | Type:Psychic | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move halves all incoming damage from special attacks on the user's side of the field for 5 turns. Light Screen will be removed from the user's field if an opponent's Pokemon uses Brick Break. In double battles, both Pokemon are shielded, but damage protection is reduced from 1/2 to 1/3.
Move:Lock-On | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move ensures that the user's next attack will hit against its current target. This effect can be Baton Passed to another Pokemon. This move fails against protection moves or targets in a semi-invulnerable state, as well as targets behind a Substitute.
Move:Lovely Kiss | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:75% | Effect:This move puts the target to sleep.
Move:Low Kick | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power increases as the target's weight increases. When the target weighs 200kg/441lbs or more, this move's max base power is 120.
Move:Luster Purge | Type:Psychic | PP:5 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 50% chance to lower the target's Special Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Mach Punch | Type:Fighting | PP:30 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move usually goes first.
Move:Magic Coat | Type:Psychic | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move almost always goes first. Until the end of the turn, the user will reflect one incoming status move back at its original user. In double battles, this move wears off after reflecting one move, and can reflect moves back at allies.
Move:Magical Leaf | Type:Grass | PP:20 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state.
Move:Magnitude | Type:Ground | PP:30 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move deals variable damage, between 10 and 130 base power, and also doubles in power against Pokemon who are underground due to Dig.
Move:Mean Look | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move traps the target for the rest of the battle unless it uses Baton Pass. The target will still be trapped if the user switches out by using Baton Pass.
Move:Meditate | Type:Psychic | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Mega Drain | Type:Grass | PP:10 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move heals the user's HP by half the damage inflicted on the target.
Move:Mega Kick | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:120 | Acc:75% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Mega Punch | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:80 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Megahorn | Type:Bug | PP:10 | Power:120 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Memento | Type:Dark | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move makes the user faint and lowers the target's Attack and Special Attack by 2 stages each.
Move:Metal Claw | Type:Steel | PP:35 | Power:50 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to raise the user's Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Metal Sound | Type:Steel | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:85% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Special Defense by 2 stages.
Move:Meteor Mash | Type:Steel | PP:10 | Power:100 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move has a 20% chance to raise the user's Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Metronome | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move performs any randomly chosen move in the game. This move cannot select itself, Counter, Covet, Destiny Bond, Detect, Endure, Focus Punch, Follow Me, Helping Hand, Mimic, Mirror Coat, Protect, Sketch, Sleep Talk, Snatch, Struggle, Thief, or Trick.
Move:Milk Drink | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores half of the user's max HP.
Move:Mimic | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move is temporarily replaced by the target's last move; the replacement move will have 5 PP and become part of the user's moveset until the user switches out or the battle ends. Mimic copies attacks even if they miss or the user has immunity toward their type; it cannot copy itself, Struggle, Transform, Sketch, Metronome, or moves that the user already knows, and it will fail if the target has yet to use a move.
Move:Mind Reader | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move ensures that the user's next attack will hit against its current target. This effect can be Baton Passed to another Pokemon. This move fails against protection moves or targets in a semi-invulnerable state, as well as targets behind a Substitute.
Move:Minimize | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Evasion by 1 stage; however, Astonish, Extrasensory, Needle Arm, and Stomp retain their normal accuracy and gain doubled power against Minimized Pokemon.
Move:Mirror Coat | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:100% | Effect:This move almost always goes last; if an opponent damages the user with a special attack, the user retaliates for twice the damage it received. In double battles, this move targets the last opponent to hit the user with a Special move and cannot hit the user's allies.
Move:Mirror Move | Type:Flying | PP:20 | Power:Copy | Acc:N/A | Effect:The user performs the last move executed by its target; if applicable, an attack's damage is calculated with the user's stats, level and type(s). This moves fails if the target has not yet used a move. Mirror Move cannot copy Encore, Struggle, global moves affecting all Pokemon on the field (such as Hail, Rain Dance, Sandstorm and Sunny Day) moves that can bypass Protect (Doom Desire, Future Sight, Imprison, Perish Song, Psych Up, Role Play and Transform) and moves that do not have a specific target (such as Light Screen, Reflect, Safeguard and Spikes).
Move:Mist | Type:Ice | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move protects every Pokemon on the user's team from negative stat modifiers caused by other Pokemon (including teammates), but not by itself, for five turns. The team's Accuracy and Evasion stats are also protected. Moves that cause negative stat modifiers as a secondary effect, such as Psychic, still deal their regular damage.
Move:Mist Ball | Type:Psychic | PP:5 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 50% chance to lower the target's Special Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Moonlight | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores a fraction of the user's max HP depending on the weather: two-thirds during Sunny Day, one-half during regular weather, and one-quarter during Rain Dance, Hail and Sandstorm.
Move:Morning Sun | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores a fraction of the user's max HP depending on the weather: two-thirds during Sunny Day, one-half during regular weather, and one-quarter during Rain Dance, Hail and Sandstorm.
Move:Mud Shot | Type:Ground | PP:15 | Power:55 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Speed by 1 stage.
Move:Mud Sport | Type:Ground | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move makes all Electric-type moves on either side of the field half as effective until the user switches out.
Move:Mud-Slap | Type:Ground | PP:10 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Accuracy by 1 stage.
Move:Muddy Water | Type:Water | PP:10 | Power:95 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to lower the target's Accuracy by 1 stage.
Move:Nature Power | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:Copy | Acc:95% | Effect:This move generates another move depending on the current battle terrain. This move becomes Stun Spore in tall grass; Razor Leaf in very tall grass; Surf while surfing on river and ocean water; Bubblebeam while surfing on pond water; Hydro Pump while diving; Rock Slide on rocky terrain; Shadow Ball inside caves; Earthquake on beach and desert sand; and Swift everywhere else (including link battles). In Orre, this move becomes Stun Spore in Agate Village, Relic Stone (Col), outside Mt. Battle, Pokemon HQ Lab, Kaminko's House, and Mt. Battle Areas 1-3 (XD); Razor Leaf in at Relic Stone in XD; Surf at Gateon Port; Bubblebeam at Oasis Pokespot; Hydro Pump at Phenac Stadium; Rock Slide in Pyrite Town, The Under, Cipher Key Lair, Citadark Isle, Rock Pokespot, Pyrite Colosseum, and Mt. Battle Areas 7-10; Shadow Ball at Pyrite Cave, Relic Cave, Deep Colosseum, Mt. Battle Areas 4-6, and Cave Pokespot; Earthquake at Outskirt Stand, Phenac City, and Cipher Lab; and Swift everywhere else.
Move:Needle Arm | Type:Grass | PP:15 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch. This move also has doubled power against a target that has used Minimize.
Move:Night Shade | Type:Ghost | PP:15 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:100% | Effect:This move does damage equal to the user's Level.
Move:Nightmare | Type:Ghost | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move only works on a sleeping target; as long as the target is asleep on the field, it loses one quarter of its max HP each turn.
Move:Octazooka | Type:Water | PP:10 | Power:65 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move has a 50% chance to lower the target's Accuracy by 1 stage.
Move:Odor Sleuth | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move ignores the target's Evasion modifiers and removes the Ghost-type's immunity against Normal-type and Fighting-type moves. This effect stays active until the user switches out, and can be Baton Passed to another Pokemon.
Move:Outrage | Type:Dragon | PP:20 | Power:90 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has the user attack uncontrollably for 2-3 turns and then become confused.
Move:Overheat | Type:Fire | PP:5 | Power:140 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move damages the target and then lowers the user's Special Attack by 2 stages.
Move:Pain Split | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:100% | Effect:This move sets the HP of both the user and the target to the average of their current HP.
Move:Pay Day | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:For each use of this move, the player will pick up money at the end of an in-game battle equal to five times the user's Level. The player does not lose money if the opponent uses Pay Day but the player wins the battle.
Move:Peck | Type:Flying | PP:35 | Power:35 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Perish Song | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move causes all active Pokemon to faint after 3 turns unless they are switched out.
Move:Petal Dance | Type:Grass | PP:20 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has the user attack uncontrollably for 2-3 turns and then become confused.
Move:Pin Missile | Type:Bug | PP:20 | Power:14 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Poison Fang | Type:Poison | PP:15 | Power:50 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to badly poison the target.
Move:Poison Gas | Type:Poison | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:55% | Effect:This move poisons the target.
Move:Poison Sting | Type:Poison | PP:35 | Power:15 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to poison the target.
Move:Poison Tail | Type:Poison | PP:25 | Power:50 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio and a 10% chance to poison the target.
Move:Poisonpowder | Type:Poison | PP:35 | Power:N/A | Acc:75% | Effect:This move poisons the target.
Move:Pound | Type:Normal | PP:35 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Powder Snow | Type:Ice | PP:25 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to freeze the target.
Move:Present | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:Var BP | Acc:90% | Effect:This move either attacks the target for 40, 80 or 120 base power, or heals the target by a quarter of its max HP.
Move:Protect | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move almost always goes first. The user is protected from all attacks for one turn, but the move's success rate halves with each consecutive use of a protection move or Endure.
Move:Psybeam | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:65 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to confuse the target.
Move:Psych Up | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move has the user copy the target's current stat modifiers for all seven stats, including Accuracy and Evasion.
Move:Psychic | Type:Psychic | PP:10 | Power:90 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to lower the target's Special Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Psycho Boost | Type:Psychic | PP:5 | Power:140 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move damages the target and then lowers the user's Special Attack by 2 stages.
Move:Psywave | Type:Psychic | PP:15 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:80% | Effect:This move randomly inflicts set damage equal to .5x, .6x, .7x, .8x, .9x, 1.0x, 1.1x, 1.2x, 1.3x, 1.4x or 1.5x the user's Level.
Move:Pursuit | Type:Dark | PP:20 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move will go first and deal double damage if the target switches out on the current turn. Targets that use Baton Pass can still escape safely.
Move:Quick Attack | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move usually goes first.
Move:Rage | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:The user's Attack increases by 1 stage if this Pokemon gets attacked before its next move.
Move:Rain Dance | Type:Water | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move overrides any other weathers in effect. For 5 turns: the power of Water attacks is increased by 50%, the power of Fire attacks is decreased by 50%, Thunder becomes 100% accurate, the power of Solarbeam is halved, and the healing power of Morning Sun, Synthesis and Moonlight is decreased from 1/2 to 1/4 of the user's max HP.
Move:Rapid Spin | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move removes Spikes and Leech Seed from the user's side of the field, and frees the user from Bind, Clamp, Fire Spin, Sand Tomb, Whirlpool and Wrap. These effects do not occur if the move misses or is used against Ghost-type Pokemon.
Move:Razor Leaf | Type:Grass | PP:25 | Power:55 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Razor Wind | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move takes two turns. The user becomes uncontrollable during the first turn, and then attacks on the second.
Move:Recover | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores half of the user's max HP.
Move:Recycle | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move recovers a hold item that the user previously lost during the battle. Items lost to Trick, Thief, Covet or Knock Off cannot be recovered.
Move:Reflect | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move halves all incoming damage from physical attacks on the user's side of the field for 5 turns. Reflect will be removed from the user's field if an opponent's Pokemon uses Brick Break. In double battles, both Pokemon are shielded, but damage protection is reduced from 1/2 to 1/3.
Move:Refresh | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move heals the user from the status effects burn, poison or paralysis.
Move:Rest | Type:Psychic | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move cures the user's status effects and confusion, and restores its HP to full, but the user falls asleep for 2 turns. Pokemon who have Early Bird will wake up one turn early.
Move:Return | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power increases as the user's happiness increases. When the user has the maximum happiness value of 255, this move has 102 base power.
Move:Revenge | Type:Fighting | PP:10 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move usually goes last, even after another Pokemon's Focus Punch; this move's base power doubles if the user is damaged before its turn.
Move:Reversal | Type:Fighting | PP:15 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power increases as the user's HP decreases. This move's maximum power becomes 200 when the user has under 4% of its max HP remaining.
Move:Roar | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move almost always goes last; in Trainer battles, the target is forced off the field and replaced by a random teammate. Against wild Pokemon, this move ends the battle. Has no effect if the target has Suction Cups, Soundproof or used Ingrain.
Move:Rock Blast | Type:Rock | PP:10 | Power:25 | Acc:80% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Rock Slide | Type:Rock | PP:10 | Power:75 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch.
Move:Rock Smash | Type:Fighting | PP:15 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 50% chance to lower the target's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Rock Throw | Type:Rock | PP:15 | Power:50 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Rock Tomb | Type:Rock | PP:10 | Power:50 | Acc:80% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Speed by 1 stage.
Move:Role Play | Type:Psychic | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move replaces the user's ability with the target's ability. This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state. This move fails if the target has Wonder Guard.
Move:Rolling Kick | Type:Fighting | PP:15 | Power:60 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch.
Move:Rollout | Type:Rock | PP:20 | Power:30 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move has the user attack uncontrollably for five turns; this move's power doubles after each turn and also if Defense Curl was used beforehand. After five turns, or if the attack misses, its base power resets.
Move:Sacred Fire | Type:Fire | PP:5 | Power:100 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move has a 50% chance to burn the target. This move can be used while the user is frozen, and then the user is thawed out.
Move:Safeguard | Type:Normal | PP:25 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move protects the user's side of the field from all status conditions and confusion for five turns. Safeguard does not prevent confusion from Outrage, Petal Dance, or Thrash.
Move:Sand Tomb | Type:Ground | PP:15 | Power:15 | Acc:70% | Effect:This move traps the target for 2-5 turns, causing damage equal to 1/16 of its max HP each turn. This trapping effect can be broken by Rapid Spin, and the target can still switch out if it uses Baton Pass, or flee if it has the ability Run Away or the hold item Smoke Ball.
Move:Sand-Attack | Type:Ground | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Accuracy by 1 stage.
Move:Sandstorm | Type:Rock | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move overrides any other weathers in effect. For 5 turns: each active Pokemon, even when protected by a Substitute, loses 1/16 of its max HP unless it is a Ground-, Rock-, or Steel-type, the power of Solarbeam is halved, and the healing power of Morning Sun, Synthesis and Moonlight is halved.
Move:Scary Face | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:90% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Speed by 2 stages.
Move:Scratch | Type:Normal | PP:35 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Screech | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:85% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Defense by 2 stages.
Move:Secret Power | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to inflict a side effect depending on the battle's current terrain. The target may be poisoned in tall grass; put to sleep in very tall grass; flinch in caves; become confused on rocky terrain; have its Accuracy lowered by 1 stage on sand; have its Speed lowered by 1 stage on pond water; have its Attack lowered by 1 stage on sea water; have its Defense lowered by 1 stage underwater; and it may become paralyzed inside buildings and in link battles). In Orre, the target may be poisoned in Agate Village, Relic Stone (Col), outside Mt. Battle, Pokemon HQ Lab, Kaminko's House, and Mt Battle Areas 1-3; put to sleep at Relic Stone (XD); flinch at Pyrite Cave, Relic Cave, Deep Colosseum, Mt. Battle Areas 4-6, and Cave Pokespot; become confused at Pyrite Town, The Under, Cipher Key Lair, Citadark Isle, Rock Pokespot, Pyrite Colosseum, and Mt. Battle Areas 7-10; have its Accuracy lowered by 1 stage at Outskirt Stand, Phenac City, and Cipher Lab; have its Speed lowered by 1 stage at Oasis Pokespot; have its Attack lowered by 1 stage at Gateon Port; have its Defense lowered by 1 stage at Phenac Stadium; and it may become paralyzed inside buildings, The Under Subway, Realgam Colosseum, Mt. Battle Areas 1-3 (Col), and S.S. Libra.
Move:Seismic Toss | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:100% | Effect:This move does damage equal to the user's Level.
Move:Selfdestruct | Type:Normal | PP:5 | Power:200 | Acc:100% | Effect:The user faints after performing this move. This move halves the target's Defense, doubling the move's base power.
Move:Shadow Ball | Type:Ghost | PP:15 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 20% chance to lower the target's Special Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Shadow Punch | Type:Ghost | PP:20 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state.
Move:Sharpen | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Attack by 1 stage.
Move:Sheer Cold | Type:Ice | PP:5 | Power:KO | Acc:30% | Effect:This move causes the target to faint, but always fails against targets that have a higher Level than the user.
Move:Shock Wave | Type:Electric | PP:20 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state.
Move:Signal Beam | Type:Bug | PP:15 | Power:75 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to confuse the target.
Move:Silver Wind | Type:Bug | PP:5 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to raise the user's Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense and Speed by 1 stage each.
Move:Sing | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:55% | Effect:This move puts the target to sleep.
Move:Sketch | Type:Normal | PP:1 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move permanently replaces Sketch with the last move used by the target. Sketch cannot copy itself, Memento or Struggle. Transform and moves that generate other moves can be Sketched successfully, as can Explosion and Selfdestruct if a Pokemon with Damp is present. This move fails automatically when selected in link or wireless battles.
Move:Skill Swap | Type:Psychic | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move swaps abilities between the user and the target. This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state. This move fails if either Pokemon has the ability Wonder Guard.
Move:Skull Bash | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:100 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move takes two turns. The user becomes uncontrollable and raises its Defense by 1 stage during the first turn, and then attacks on the second.
Move:Sky Attack | Type:Flying | PP:5 | Power:140 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move takes two turns. The user becomes uncontrollable during the first turn, and then attacks on the second. This move also has a 30% chance to make the target flinch.
Move:Sky Uppercut | Type:Fighting | PP:15 | Power:85 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move also hits a target that is mid-air due to the effects of Fly or Bounce.
Move:Slack Off | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores half of the user's max HP.
Move:Slam | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:80 | Acc:75% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Slash | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a high critical hit ratio.
Move:Sleep Powder | Type:Grass | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:75% | Effect:This move puts the target to sleep.
Move:Sleep Talk | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:Copy | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move fails if the user is awake. If the user asleep, it randomly performs one of its attacks. Rest will fail if it is selected. Sleep Talk's generated attacks do not cost PP, but it cannot generate moves with 0 PP, itself, Assist, Bide, Disabled attacks, Focus Punch, Metronome, Mirror Move, Uproar, or attacks with a charge-up turn like Fly or Skull Bash. (Moves with a recharge turn like Hyper Beam can be generated.)
Move:Sludge | Type:Poison | PP:20 | Power:65 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to poison the target.
Move:Sludge Bomb | Type:Poison | PP:10 | Power:90 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to poison the target.
Move:Smellingsalt | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has doubled power if the target is paralyzed, but then the target is cured of paralysis.
Move:Smog | Type:Poison | PP:20 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 40% chance to poison the target.
Move:Smokescreen | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Accuracy by 1 stage.
Move:Snatch | Type:Dark | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move almost always goes first. Until the end of the turn, the user will steal the effects of a status move. In double battles, this move steals the effects of only one move, but can steal the effects of an ally's move.
Move:Snore | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch, but fails if the user is awake.
Move:Softboiled | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores half of the user's max HP.
Move:Solarbeam | Type:Grass | PP:10 | Power:120 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move takes two turns. The user becomes uncontrollable during the first turn, and then attacks on the second. During Sunny Day, this move fires immediately; during Rain Dance, Sandstorm and Hail, this move has half power.
Move:Sonicboom | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:Set | Acc:90% | Effect:This move always deals 20 HP of damage.
Move:Spark | Type:Electric | PP:20 | Power:65 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Spider Web | Type:Bug | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move traps the target for the rest of the battle unless it uses Baton Pass. The target will still be trapped if the user switches out by using Baton Pass.
Move:Spike Cannon | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:20 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move hits 2-5 times in one turn; if one of these attacks breaks a target's Substitute, the target will take damage for the rest of the hits. This move has a 3/8 chance to hit twice, a 3/8 chance to hit three times, a 1/8 chance to hit four times and a 1/8 chance to hit five times.
Move:Spikes | Type:Ground | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move sets an entry hazard that damages all opponents, unless they are in the air, each time they switch into the field. This move hits through Wonder Guard and can be layered up to three times, sapping 1/8 of an opponent's max HP at one layer, 3/16 of its max HP at two layers, and 1/4 of its max HP at three layers.
Move:Spit Up | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power increases by 100 for each Stockpile the user has stored. This move resets the user's Stockpile count after use and fails if the user has no Stockpiles stored.
Move:Spite | Type:Ghost | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move reduces the target's previous move by 2-5 PP; this fails if the target has not yet performed a move, if the target's last move has run out of PP, or if the target can only use Struggle.
Move:Splash | Type:Normal | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move doesn't do anything (but we still love it).
Move:Spore | Type:Grass | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move puts the target to sleep.
Move:Steel Wing | Type:Steel | PP:25 | Power:70 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to raise the user's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Stockpile | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move can be used up to three times to power up Spit Up or Swallow. The user's Stockpile count resets when either of these moves is used.
Move:Stomp | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:65 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to make the target flinch. This move has normal Accuracy and does double damage against a target that has used Minimize.
Move:Strength | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:String Shot | Type:Bug | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:95% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Speed by 1 stage.
Move:Struggle | Type:None | PP:1 | Power:50 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move is selected automatically when all of the user's other moves have run out of PP or are otherwise inaccessible. The user receives 1/4 recoil damage. Struggle is classified as a typeless move and will hit any Pokemon, including Rock-, Steel- and Ghost-type Pokemon, for normal damage.
Move:Stun Spore | Type:Grass | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:75% | Effect:This move paralyzes the target.
Move:Submission | Type:Fighting | PP:20 | Power:80 | Acc:80% | Effect:The user receives 1/4 recoil damage.
Move:Substitute | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move uses one-fourth of the user's maximum HP to create a substitute; this move fails if the user does not have enough HP for this. Until the substitute is broken, it receives damage from all attacks made by other Pokemon and shields the user from status effects and stat modifiers caused by other Pokemon. The user is still affected by Tickle, Hail, Sandstorm and Attract from behind its Substitute. If a Substitute breaks from a hit during a multistrike move such as Fury Attack, the user takes damage from the remaining strikes.
Move:Sunny Day | Type:Fire | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move overrides any other weathers in effect. For 5 turns: freezing is prevented, the power of Fire attacks is increased by 50%, the power of Water attacks is decreased by 50%, Solarbeam fires immediately, Thunder becomes 50% accurate, and the healing power of Morning Sun, Synthesis and Moonlight is increased from 1/2 to 2/3 of the user's max HP.
Move:Super Fang | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:Var Dmg | Acc:90% | Effect:This move halves the target's current HP.
Move:Superpower | Type:Fighting | PP:5 | Power:120 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the user's Attack and Defense by 1 stage each.
Move:Supersonic | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:55% | Effect:This move confuses the target.
Move:Surf | Type:Water | PP:15 | Power:95 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power doubles against a target who is in the middle of using Dive.
Move:Swagger | Type:Normal | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:90% | Effect:This move confuses the target and raises its Attack by 2 stages.
Move:Swallow | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores health based on the user's current Stockpile count: 1/4 of the user's max HP for one Stockpile, 1/2 of the user's max HP for two Stockpiles, fully heals the user's HP for three Stockpiles, and fails if the user has no Stockpiles.
Move:Sweet Kiss | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:75% | Effect:This move confuses the target.
Move:Sweet Scent | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Evasion by 1 stage.
Move:Swift | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state.
Move:Swords Dance | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Attack by 2 stages.
Move:Synthesis | Type:Grass | PP:5 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move restores a fraction of the user's max HP depending on the weather: two-thirds during Sunny Day, one-half during regular weather, and one-quarter during Rain Dance, Hail and Sandstorm.
Move:Tackle | Type:Normal | PP:35 | Power:35 | Acc:95% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Tail Glow | Type:Bug | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Special Attack by 2 stages.
Move:Tail Whip | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Take Down | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:90 | Acc:85% | Effect:The user receives 1/4 recoil damage.
Move:Taunt | Type:Dark | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move prevents the target from using status moves for two turns. Assist, Metronome, Mirror Move and Sleep Talk are prevented during this time, but Bide, Counter, Endeavor, and Mirror Coat are not.
Move:Teeter Dance | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move confuses all active Pokemon except for the user.
Move:Teleport | Type:Psychic | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move removes the user from wild battles but fails automatically in Trainer and Link battles.
Move:Thief | Type:Dark | PP:10 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move steals the target's hold item unless the user is already holding an item. Pokemon that have the ability Sticky Hold are also immune to this move's stealing effect. Recycle cannot recover the stolen item.
Move:Thrash | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:90 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has the user attack uncontrollably for 2-3 turns and then become confused.
Move:Thunder | Type:Electric | PP:10 | Power:120 | Acc:70% | Effect:This move has a 30% chance to paralyze the target. This move has 50% accuracy during Sunny Day and 100% accuracy during Rain Dance. Also has normal accuracy against mid-air Pokemon have used Fly or Bounce.
Move:Thunder Wave | Type:Electric | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move paralyzes the target.
Move:Thunderbolt | Type:Electric | PP:15 | Power:95 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Thunderpunch | Type:Electric | PP:15 | Power:75 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Thundershock | Type:Electric | PP:30 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 10% chance to paralyze the target.
Move:Tickle | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move lowers the target's Attack and Defense by 1 stage each.
Move:Torment | Type:Dark | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move prevents the target from using the same move for two turns in a row until the target is switched out. The target will use Struggle every other turn if it would be forced to use the same move.
Move:Toxic | Type:Poison | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:85% | Effect:The target is badly poisoned, with the damage caused by poison increasing by an additional 1/16 of the target's max HP after each turn. Toxic poisoning will remain with the Pokemon during the battle even after switching out.
Move:Transform | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move morphs the user into a near-exact copy of the target. Stats, stat modifiers, type, moves, Hidden Power data and appearance are changed; the user's level and HP remain the same and each copied move receives only 5 PP. (If Transform is used by Ditto, the effects of Metal Powder stop working after transformation.)
Move:Tri Attack | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 20% chance to burn, paralyze or freeze the target.
Move:Trick | Type:Psychic | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move exchanges items between the user and the target. This move fails if the target is behind a Substitute or has Sticky Hold.
Move:Triple Kick | Type:Fighting | PP:10 | Power:10 | Acc:90% | Effect:This move hits three times in one turn, adding 10 base power for each hit. If one of the hits misses, the move ends instantly. If one of the hits breaks a target's Substitute, the real Pokemon will take damage for the remaining hits.
Move:Twineedle | Type:Bug | PP:20 | Power:25 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move strikes twice; if the first hit breaks the target's Substitute, the real Pokemon will take damage from the second hit. This move also has a 20% chance to poison the target.
Move:Twister | Type:Dragon | PP:20 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 20% chance to make the target flinch, and has double power against a target that is mid-air due to Fly or Bounce.
Move:Uproar | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:50 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move causes the user to attack uncontrollably for 2-5 turns. During the effects of Uproar, active Pokemon cannot fall asleep and sleeping Pokemon sent into battle will wake up.
Move:Vicegrip | Type:Normal | PP:30 | Power:55 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Vine Whip | Type:Grass | PP:10 | Power:35 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Vital Throw | Type:Fighting | PP:10 | Power:70 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move usually goes last and never misses unless the target uses a protection move or is in a semi-invulnerable state.
Move:Volt Tackle | Type:Electric | PP:15 | Power:120 | Acc:100% | Effect:The user receives 1/3 recoil damage.
Move:Water Gun | Type:Water | PP:25 | Power:40 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Water Pulse | Type:Water | PP:20 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move has a 20% chance to confuse the target.
Move:Water Sport | Type:Water | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move makes all Fire-type moves on either side of the field half as effective until the user switches out.
Move:Water Spout | Type:Water | PP:5 | Power:Var BP | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power decreases with the user's current HP. When the user is at full health, this move has 150 base power.
Move:Waterfall | Type:Water | PP:15 | Power:80 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Weather Ball | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:50 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move's base power doubles and this move's type changes based on an active weather effect: Fire-type during Sunny Day; Water-type during Rain Dance; Rock-type during Sandstorm; and Ice-type during Hail.
Move:Whirlpool | Type:Water | PP:15 | Power:15 | Acc:70% | Effect:This move traps the target for 2-5 turns, causing damage equal to 1/16 of its max HP each turn. This trapping effect can be broken by Rapid Spin, and the target can still switch out if it uses Baton Pass, or flee if it has the ability Run Away or the hold item Smoke Ball. Base power also doubles when performed against a Pokemon in the middle of using Dive.
Move:Whirlwind | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move almost always goes last; in Trainer battles, the target is forced off the field and replaced by a random teammate. Against wild Pokemon, this move ends the battle. Has no effect if the target has Suction Cups or used Ingrain.
Move:Will-O-Wisp | Type:Fire | PP:15 | Power:N/A | Acc:75% | Effect:This move burns the target. This move will not activate Flash Fire.
Move:Wing Attack | Type:Flying | PP:35 | Power:60 | Acc:100% | Effect:This move damages the target.
Move:Wish | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:At the end of the next turn, the active Pokemon from the user's team is healed by half of its max HP.
Move:Withdraw | Type:Water | PP:40 | Power:N/A | Acc:N/A | Effect:This move raises the user's Defense by 1 stage.
Move:Wrap | Type:Normal | PP:20 | Power:15 | Acc:85% | Effect:This move traps the target for 2-5 turns, causing damage equal to 1/16 of its max HP each turn. This trapping effect can be broken by Rapid Spin, and the target can still switch out if it uses Baton Pass, or flee if it has the ability Run Away or the hold item Smoke Ball.
Move:Yawn | Type:Normal | PP:10 | Power:N/A | Acc:100% | Effect:This move makes the target drowsy; if the target stays in battle, it will fall asleep at the end of the next turn.
Move:Zap Cannon | Type:Electric | PP:5 | Power:100 | Acc:50% | Effect:This move paralyzes the target.
